Hello, young word explorer.
Welcome to Unit 4, The Big Sky.
This unit has 31 vocabulary cards in 5 learning groups.
Group 1 is Shadows and Light.
Listen for words such as shadow, light, sun, source, block.
Group 2 is Sky and Time of Day.
Listen for words such as sky, morning, midday, evening, sunrise, sunset.
Group 3 is In the Big Sky.
Listen for words such as moon, star, cloud, day, night, Earth.
Group 4 is Describing Words (Adjectives).
Listen for words such as long, short, high, low, bright, dark.
Group 5 is Weather Words.
Listen for words such as sunny, cloudy, windy, rainy, dry.
For each word, listen and repeat, read five sentences, notice the word type, practise spelling, write your own sentence, and ask the tutor for help.
You are ready to begin Unit 4.